readme.md, before:

 ##  🌸 TODO APP  🌸 
 This pre-work project utilizes Bootstrap CSS, basic HTML, and JavaScript to create a basic to-do list app in which you can add tasks that need to be done, mark them as completed, and create new tasks. Because we're focusing mostly on the JS engine, we're using Bootstrap (a CSS framework) to more readily create the styles. 

 ### 🌸 USEFUL GIT COMMANDS (IN ORDER OF APPEARANCE) 🌸
 > git init - initializes a local repo. 

 > git remote add origin <link to remote repo>  - points towards a remote GitHub repo. 

 > git add - adds the current directory to the queue to be committed.

 > git commit -m 'message' - commits all added directories with a messages that you MUST include. 

 GIT HELP 
 usage: git [--version] [--help] [-C <path>] [-c <name>=<value>]
           [--exec-path[=<path>]] [--html-path] [--man-path] [--info-path]
           [-p | --paginate | -P | --no-pager] [--no-replace-objects] [--bare]
           [--git-dir=<path>] [--work-tree=<path>] [--namespace=<name>]
           [--super-prefix=<path>] [--config-env=<name>=<envvar>]
           <command> [<args>]

These are common Git commands used in various situations:

start a working area (see also: git help tutorial)
   clone     Clone a repository into a new directory
   init      Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one

work on the current change (see also: git help everyday)
   add       Add file contents to the index
   mv        Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink
   restore   Restore working tree files
   rm        Remove files from the working tree and from the index

examine the history and state (see also: git help revisions)
   bisect    Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug
   diff      Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc
   grep      Print lines matching a pattern
   log       Show commit logs
   show      Show various types of objects
   status    Show the working tree status

grow, mark and tweak your common history
   branch    List, create, or delete branches
   commit    Record changes to the repository
   merge     Join two or more development histories together
   rebase    Reapply commits on top of another base tip
   reset     Reset current HEAD to the specified state
   switch    Switch branches
   tag       Create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG

collaborate (see also: git help workflows)
   fetch     Download objects and refs from another repository
   pull      Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch
   push      Update remote refs along with associated objects

'git help -a' and 'git help -g' list available subcommands and some
concept guides. See 'git help <command>' or 'git help <concept>'
to read about a specific subcommand or concept.
See 'git help git' for an overview of the system.

Commit message:

restructured HTML and utilized the DOM to dynamically render the page. weeped because i did not know enough about branching to create a seperate branch for it to hone in on best practice.

readme.md, after:

 ##  🌸 TODO APP  🌸 
 This pre-work project utilizes Bootstrap CSS, basic HTML, and JavaScript to create a basic to-do list app in which you can add tasks that need to be done, mark them as completed, and create new tasks. Because we're focusing mostly on the JS engine, we're using Bootstrap (a CSS framework) to more readily create the styles. 

 ### 🌸 USEFUL GIT COMMANDS (IN ORDER OF APPEARANCE) 🌸
 > git init - initializes a local repo. 

 > git remote add origin <link to remote repo>  - points towards a remote GitHub repo. 

 > git add - adds the current directory to the queue to be committed.

 > git commit -m 'message' - commits all added directories with a messages that you MUST include. 

 ### 🌸 GIT HELP 🌸
 usage: git [--version] [--help] [-C <path>] [-c <name>=<value>]
           [--exec-path[=<path>] [--html-path] [--man-path] [--info-path]
           [-p | --paginate | -P | --no-pager] [--no-replace-objects] [--bare]
           [--git-dir=<path>] [--work-tree=<path>] [--namespace=<name>]
           [--super-prefix=<path>] [--config-env=<name>=<envvar>]
           <command> [<args>]

These are common Git commands used in various situations:

start a working area (see also: git help tutorial)
   clone     Clone a repository into a new directory
   init      Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one

work on the current change (see also: git help everyday)
   add       Add file contents to the index
   mv        Move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink
   restore   Restore working tree files
   rm        Remove files from the working tree and from the index

examine the history and state (see also: git help revisions)
   bisect    Use binary search to find the commit that introduced a bug
   diff      Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc
   grep      Print lines matching a pattern
   log       Show commit logs
   show      Show various types of objects
   status    Show the working tree status

grow, mark and tweak your common history
   branch    List, create, or delete branches
   commit    Record changes to the repository
   merge     Join two or more development histories together
   rebase    Reapply commits on top of another base tip
   reset     Reset current HEAD to the specified state
   switch    Switch branches
   tag       Create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG

collaborate (see also: git help workflows)
   fetch     Download objects and refs from another repository
   pull      Fetch from and integrate with another repository or a local branch
   push      Update remote refs along with associated objects

'git help -a' and 'git help -g' list available subcommands and some
concept guides. See 'git help <command>' or 'git help <concept>'
to read about a specific subcommand or concept.
See 'git help git' for an overview of the system.

## DOCUMENTING 06/20/2021
The main idea for this class is to dynamically render HTML. You can't work ahead for everything. Absorb as much as you can. 

> Targetting items in the DOM
My idea - utilizing methods attached to the document object to attach functionality to the 'apps-todos' id. I wasn't sure how I'd represent the to-do items. 

Refresher Questions 
- What is the DOM? 
- What is an HTML element? 
- What are nodes? How do they compare to HTML elements? 
- Identifying what parent elements are and what child elements are. 
- Siblings are at the same level within the parent element. 
- Selector - to select elements on the DOM. You can use document.querySelector.
